# GenerativeComputerAidedDesign

Generative Computer Aided Design is a concept that was coined by AutoDesk back in 2017.

Utalizing creative computation, designs can be generated by an algorithm.

There are several issues related utalizing an algorithm.

For example in certain use cases such as Midjourney, the source of the images which are scrapped from the larger web are often copywritten.

As so many of these services are moving onto a private image database instead of using the broader publicly available sources.

Overall utalizing these GCAD systems greatly improve productivity for designer and artists. 

The GCAD systems are algorithms such as AI, ML, DL, CC, etc.

As a designer and developer being able to communicate with the algorithm calls will be one of the key components of future success in the digital field. 

Utalizing Midjourney, Stable Diffusion and DreamUp there are many different qualities of these three services with varying levels of quality.

Overall Midjourney is still in Beta but overall it is further along then Stable Diffusion and DreamUp. Additionally there are several issues with utalizing Midjourney. For example the output file is a 5.5 inches by 5.5 inches for 300dpi. There could be a change of the standard to 150dpi and so the image will be 11 inches by 11 inches which is slightly larger than a A4 size piece of paper.

Additionally creating prompts for Midjourney can be complex and it seems to depend greatly on a kind of search based system. The prompts are loosly written and there are upscales, variants, etc. 

For example there is a certain kind of syntax which needs to be followed but it very loose and not strictly written.

Here is an example of a prompt:


    16K, 8k, 4K, 3d, Ultra HD, 

    [ car ]

    [ studio lighting], [shiny reflections], [hyper clarity ], [ perfect symmetry], [black background], [medium shot 150 megapixel photograph 85 mm lens],[ultra epic detail],[ product photography ], [back lighting],[f/1.5], [ISO 100],[shutter speed 1/125], [photorealism], [rule of three], [golden ratio],[glamour], [Intricate Ultra Detail],[slow render], [cinematic gentle lighting], [High contrast Details],[grand realism], [High sharpness],[ tone mapping], [high contrast], [retouched], [ambient occlusion], [octane render], [Intricate Ultra Detail], [ornate details], [modern and Stylized], [ray traced]